Refactor | Introduce variable

Checklist:
    1. Check if the refactor will be completed successfully
        1.1. Find a expression in the formula that you want to introduce the variable for
        1.2. Highlight that expression and right click on it
        1.3. Select the Refactor -> Introduce variable option
        1.4. Then just name the variable that you want to represent the expression with
    Expected Result: The selected expression is replaced with the variable of the user's choosing
    Actual Result: The selected expression is replaced with the variable of the user's choosing(see the code from the file TestTaskMe.rb, line 10 to line 16)
    2. Check if the result of the formula is the same when using the Refactor | Introduce variable method and when not using it at all
        2.1. Write down a formula for a result you want to be calculated without using the Refactor | Introduce variable method
        2.2. Write down a formula for a result you want to be calculated using the Refactor | Introduce variable option
        2.3. Check if the results from the two formulas are the same
    Expected Result: The two results should match
    Actual Result: The method of not Introducing a variable and the way of Introducing a variable differs by 0.0001. Possible Reason for the difference is that the Refactoring rounded up the result(For the examples of the given explanation see the code from the file "TestTaskMe.rb")

Refactor | Extract method

Checklist:
    1. Check if the refactor will be completed successfully
        1.1. Find a expression in the formula that you want to extract into a method
        1.2. Highlight that expression and right click on it
        1.3. Select the Refactor -> Extract method option
        1.4. Then just name the method that you want to represent the expression with
    Expected Result: The selected expression is replaced with the method of the user's choosing, that calculates the selected expression.
    Actual Result: The selected expression is replaced with the method of the user's choosing, that calculates the selected expression.(see the code from the file TestTaskMe.rb, line 18 to line 27)
    2. Check if the result of the formula is the same when using the Refactor | Extract method and when not using it at all
        2.1. Write down a formula for a result you want to be calculated without using the Refactor | Extract method
        2.2. Write down a formula for a result you want to be calculated using the Refactor -> Extract method
        2.3. Check if the results from the two formulas are the same
    Expected Result: The two results should match
    Actual Result: The way of not Extracting the method and the way of Extracting to a method differ by 0.0001. Possible Reason for the difference is that the Refactoring rounded up the result(For the examples of the given explanation see the code from the file "TestTaskMe.rb")
